Add a Helm option to the Getting Started guide. (#3125)
projectcontour/contour: site/getting-started.md

## Add Contour to your cluster

### Option 1: Quickstart

As the name suggests, use this option for a quick start with reasonable defaults. If

> you have specific requirements to customize Contour for environment, see Option 2.

Reviewer: I think this should now be:

```suggestion
you have specific requirements to customize Contour for environment, see Options 2 and 3.
```

Reviewer: @georgegoh if you can fix this nit, we should be good to merge. thanks!

- A Service of `type: LoadBalancer` that points to the Contour's Envoy instances
- Depending on your deployment environment, new cloud resources -- for example, a cloud load balancer

> ### Option 2: Install using Helm

Reviewer 2: This should be 'Option 3: Install using Helm' now, could you also please add "install using operator" to Option 2 above?

Author: Updated in the latest commit.
